# TekCastPork's Elite: Dangerous Exploration Data Profit Estimator

Please at least read the how to install and run sections, as that process isnt drag and drop yet. It will be eventually, but not yet.

## What is this?

This is a program I am working on that attempts to help Elite: Dangerous pilots determine their profits from exploration data.
It watches the verbose log file generated by Elite: Dangerous and looks for specific events that relate to exploration.

## Why did I write this?

I've been in the mood to do a lot of exploring in the game recently and noticed that the game doesn't give you an estimate for your exploration profits. I'd like to 
know my profits so I can begin planning upgrades to my ship before I get back. As far as I can see no other companion app gives you this number. 
This makes you have to calculate your profits by hand, which I find time-consuming and stops me from exploring.
So I spent some time and coded a program that can do this for me, and I'm giving it to other pilots that wish to know their exploration profits aswell.

# HOW TO INSTALL

This program currently only works on Windows based systems. I'm hoping to make it available for OSX, but as I do not have a Mac it's a little hard to code for one.
1.Download the latest version from this github repo. It will arrive in a .zip format

2. Now changed from the previous version, you do not need to place the folder within the zip in a specific spot! The program will now auto-create
the files that it needs.

# HOW TO RUN

Start the program. DO NOT SPAM CLICK THROUGH THE MESSAGE WINDOWS, THEY TELL YOU WHAT TO DO AT THIS TIME!
THE PROGRAM WILL NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY IF YOU SPAM CLICK THROUGH THE MESSAGE WINDOWS.

Incase you do spam click through I will also include instructions here.
1.Start the .jar file.
	The programs will check to see if the files that it uses for data saving exist, if they don't exist it will let you know and make them.
2. Start your copy of Elite: Dangerous
	Load into the game until you are in your ship idling.
3. At this point you can finish clicking through the message windows.

This 3 step process makes sure that the correct journal file is loaded as the game makes a new one each time it is started.

NOTE: If your journal file (the verbose log file I read) somehow gets to over 500,000 lines, which would be a nice feat and I congratulate that pilot, this program will require restarting as it does not yet automatically move to the next journal file. It's in ALPHA for a reason.